now it's time for cooking with keaton
here's your host Michael Keaton corner
party everybody's bringing something so
I want to bring something so we'll make
guacamole first thing you do is to give
yourself an avocado wash it pick up for
cutting it because there's a little pit
inside cut your fingers off let's put it
open real simple gift spoon scoop it the
whole thing out there you go it's kind
of like alien brains hey you have all of
your avocado in there ready to get guac
I don't know just made that up throw in
some onions just a little bit that too
much because you can't even be talking
at the party you don't have too much
onions because you know like the grad
breath gonna be chewing gum in between
chips and it just doesn't work that's
pretty good right about 12 anyway my
perfect okay all right so you go now I
need oh yeah lemon juice I need lemon
juice lemon juice whoa hey there you go
works every time okay some lemon juice
put it right there there we go now the
guac in starts seven mix it in so there
you go you got guacamole there it is a
little oil on it take it press everybody
a little chip sneak a taste all right
perfect and so I make guacamole ready to
rock that's why I called it rock amoli
I'm out of here
you